h1. Changelog

h2. master

* (no changes)

h2. 0.2.0 (2009-07-12)

* "Allow using Ruby 1.9 syntax for string interpolation (API addition)":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/c6e0b06d512f2af57199a843a1d8a40241b32861
* "Allow configuring the default scope separator, allow to pass a custom scope separator(API addition)":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/5b75bfbc348061adc11e3790187a187275bfd471 (e.g. I18n.t(:'foo|bar', :separator => '|') 
* "Pass :format option to #translate for #localize more useful lambda support":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/e277711b3c844fe7589b8d3f9af0f7d1b969a273
* "Refactor Simple backend #resolve to #default and #resolve for more consistency. Now allows to pass lambdas as defaults and re-resolve Symbols":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/8c4ce3d923ce5fa73e973fe28217e18165549aba
* "Add lambda support to #translate (API addition)":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/c90e62d8f7d3d5b78f34cfe328d871b58884f115
* "Add lambda support to #localize (API addition)":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/9d390afcf33f3f469bb95e6888147152f6cc7442

h2. 0.1.3 (2009-02-27)

* "Remove unnecessary string encoding handling in the i18n simple backend which made the backend break on Ruby 1.9":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/4c3a970783861a94f2e89f46714fb3434e4f4f8d

h2. 0.1.2 (2009-01-09)

* "added #available_locales (returns an array of locales for which translations are available)":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/411f8fe7c8f3f89e9b6b921fa62ed66cb92f3af4
* "flatten load_path before using it so that a nested array of paths won't throw up":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/d473a068a2b90aba98135deb225d6eb6d8104d70

h2. 0.1.1 (2008-11-20)

* "Use :'en' as a default locale (in favor of :'en-US')":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/c4b10b246aecf7da78cb2568dd0d2ab7e6b8a230
* "Add #reload! to Simple backend":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/36dd2bd9973b9e1559728749a9daafa44693e964

h2. 0.1.0 (2008-10-25)

* "Fix Simple backend to distinguish false from nil values":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/39d9a47da14b5f3ba126af48923af8c30e135166
* "Add #load_path to public api, add initialize to simple backend and remove #load_translations from public api":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/c4c5649e6bc8f020f1aaf5a5470bde048e22c82d
* "Speed up Backend::Simple#interpolate":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/9e1ac6bf8833304e036323ec9932b9f33c468a35
* "Remove #populate and #store_translations from public API":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/f4e514a80be7feb509f66824ee311905e2940900
* "Use :other instead of :many as a plural key":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/0f8f20a2552bf6a2aa758d8fdd62a7154e4a1bf6
* "Use a class instead of a module for Simple backend":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/08f051aa61320c17debde24a83268bc74e33b995
* "Make Simple backend #interpolate deal with non-ASCII string encodings":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/d84a3f3f55543c084d5dc5d1fed613b8df148789
* "Fix default arrays of non-existant keys returning the default array":http://github.com/svenfuchs/i18n/commit/6c04ca86c87f97dc78f07c2a4023644e5ba8b839

h2. Initial implementation (June/July 2008)

Initial implementation by "Sven Fuchs":http://www.workingwithrails.com/person/9963-sven-fuchs based on previous discussion/consensus of the rails-i18n team (alphabetical order) and many others:

* "Matt Aimonetti":http://railsontherun.com
* "Sven Fuchs":http://www.workingwithrails.com/person/9963-sven-fuchs
* "Joshua Harvey":http://www.workingwithrails.com/person/759-joshua-harvey
* "Saimon Moore":http://saimonmoore.net
* "Stephan Soller":http://www.arkanis-development.de

h2. More information

* "Homepage":http://rails-i18n.org
* "Wiki":http://rails-i18n.org/wiki
* "Mailinglist":http://groups.google.com/group/rails-i18n
* "About the project/history":http://www.artweb-design.de/2008/7/18/finally-ruby-on-rails-gets-internationalized
* "Initial API Intro":http://www.artweb-design.de/2008/7/18/the-ruby-on-rails-i18n-core-api