h1. Ruby I18n

Ruby Internationalization and localization solution.

Features:

* translation and localization
* interpolation of values to translations (Ruby 1.9 compatible syntax)
* pluralization (CLDR compatible)
* flexible defaults
* bulk lookup
* lambdas as translation data
* custom key/scope separator
* custom exception handlers
* extensible architecture with a swappable backend

Experimental, pluggable features:

* lambda pluralizers stored as translation data
* RFC4647 compliant locale fallbacks (with optional RFC4646 locale validation)
* backend cache

For more information and lots of resources see: "http://rails-i18n.org/wiki":http://rails-i18n.org/wiki

h2. Install

gem install i18n

h3. Install on Rails 2.3.4 (deprecated)

Rails 2.3.4 will not accept i18n gems > 0.1.3. There is an unpacked gem inside of active_support/lib/vendor which gets loaded unless gem 'i18n', '~> 0.1.3'. This requirement is relaxed in http://github.com/rails/rails/commit/6da036538334fd459156ab2789c9fae5512be5d2

The following is needed to get the new i18n gem inside vendor/plugins loaded properly.

      def reload_i18n!
        raise "Move to i18n version 0.2.0 or greater" if Rails.version > "2.3.4"

        $:.grep(/i18n/).each { |path| $:.delete(path) }
        I18n::Backend.send :remove_const, "Simple"
        $: << Rails.root.join('vendor', 'plugins', 'i18n', 'lib').to_s
      end

Then you can `reload_i18n!` inside an i18n initializer. 

h2. Authors

* "Sven Fuchs":http://www.artweb-design.de
* "Joshua Harvey":http://www.workingwithrails.com/person/759-joshua-harvey
* "Stephan Soller":http://www.arkanis-development.de
* "Saimon Moore":http://saimonmoore.net
* "Matt Aimonetti":http://railsontherun.com

h2. License

MIT License. See the included MIT-LICENCE file.